(Romantic master Choi Bool Am...)
(came like the first snow.)
(Sleeping mission with the master became more intense.)
(Matching pajama)
(Foot washing, lullaby)
(Who will get to sleep with the master today?)
(Those who want to avoid sleeping with the master,)
(bear the coldness.)
(Is it going to be Yang Se Hyeong?)
I'm sorry, but can we not change?
- Here we go! 1, 2, 3! - 1, 2...
(Sang Yun's great rebellion)
I can't play another round of this.
(The crowd is disturbed.)
(As a result, Sang Yun goes on his knees.)
(Sang Yun's effort...)
(to go back to square one)
(Will the sleeping battle...)
(enter a new phase?)
- Then now... - It's no joke.
You two can decide.
No. All four of us should do it.
Right. All of us should do it.
- You won. - Then you...
- Seong Jae. Let me be clear. - You couldn't do it for 52 seconds.
When someone does something wrong in the game,
we start over.
(When something goes wrong in the game, we start over.)
Right.
- Right. - Hey, Seung Gi.
- I'm not arguing. - Right.
It'll be no fun if just two of us decide it.
- Right. - Then it's invalid.
It's not invalid.
You cheated on your will.
But I confessed on my will.
(But I confessed on my will.)
What?
- You be quiet. - It evens out.
- It's even. - He's right.
That's not right. It's nonsense.
When I got up at 52 seconds,
the first thing came to my mind wasn't brushing off the snow,
but telling you to get up.
Do you know why? Because you might be struggling.
But we promised to do that.
- You're right, but... - That was the rule.
I could go for longer. I can do it for three minutes.
If you do it for three minutes, I'll do it all.
I'm serious. If you do it for three minutes,
- It's a figure of speech. - you take my pay for this week.
I don't need anything, so do whatever you want.
Okay. I get it.
Okay. I'm doing you a huge favor this time.
You need to know we're giving you a chance.
Accept it. Just accept it.
It's not that hard.
(Is he going to compromise?)
- Think about it. - Whatever. It's over.
(Break down due to time out)
- Okay. - Wait.
Fine. Let's just say you're doing me a favor.
(Let's just say you're doing me a favor.)
- Done. - Happy? Let's just say that.
- We're even. - Okay. We're settled.
- Okay. - We're settled.
- Don't ever do that again. - Okay.
- Why did you do that? - You shouldn't do that to me.
- Do what? - Do what?
(What's he talking about?)
You keep deceiving me.
That's for fun, but this almost killed us.
- It was for fun. - What?
- We never threatened your life. - This almost killed us.
(It was for fun.)
(We never threatened your life.)
- It's so noisy. - Fine. Okay.
- Then you see how white it is? - Yes.
(A new game to pick the bed mate fairly)
Let's stand in line exactly.
If we jump, our steps will be evident.
- Good. - That's good.
- See? - That's great.
- Standing jump? - Standing jump...
Let's do it 1 by 1.
(It records on white snow. It will be a perfectly fair play.)
- Gosh. - Let's do it.
What's your height?
- It doesn't matter though. - You're 180cm. What about you?
- 182cm. - What about you?
- 185cm. - I'm 137cm tall.
- Did you say 137cm? - If I do it here,
the longest I can jump is 1m.
We're doing you a big favor.
I said we're even.
- Listen. - Can I stay out for a minute?
- Let's jump from there. - No.
- It's fair. - It's not.
Choose.
I don't want to do it.
Let's just go. Let's go please.
Please.
(It's hard to settle down with them being so competitive.)
Then let's measure it...
not by the first step,
but by the end of your arm.
(Let's measure up to arms instead of the first step.)
That's even more dangerous.
(Oh, that doesn't work for me.)
That's worse. Let's just jump.
Then Seong Jae can't do it.
He endured it. We should leave him.
He needs to watch out for his waist.
- Sure. - Okay?
- That's better. - Okay.
- Okay. - Let's do a jump.
How's your blood pressure?
I take medicine.
I've been taking medicine for blood pressure for over 10 years now.
It's good that you're still healthy.
I'm not.
He still drinks seven bottles of soju.
- Goodness. - Still.
I still drink 2 or 3 bottles.
(Index for being healthy is about how much he can drink.)
It's hot.
(It's snowing so much.)
Jump to sleep with the master.
- Let's jump around here. - Okay.
I'll put the towel here.
We can't jump from the same place anyway.
- Give me one more towel. - Okay.
- It's not easy to move. - I know.
You never know because of snow.
You might fall before jumping.
It's hollow inside.
It's cold. It's freezing.
I feel like my feet are going to rip.
(When their feet feel like ripping...)
- For every game. - He's taking his clothes off.
(Seung Gi tears his clothes.)
Here I go.
(Not even the heavy snow can clam Seung Gi down.)
(No one can stop him.)
(Lee Seung Gi)
(He's ready.)
I think he's going to jump really far.
(I'm going to jump far.)
(I'm going to jump really far.)
You have to wear matching pajama, wash his feet...
and sing a lullaby before going to sleep.
Go.
(He jumped as if someone poked his butt...)
(to avoid sleeping with the master.)
(How will he do it?)
(Light)
Okay.
- Good. - Okay.
- How is it? - He jumped really far.
Okay.
(Seung Gi)
(It's perfect.)
- It's here. - He jumped far.
He jumped far.
I should've gone further. I should've bent my knees.
(No one can stop Seung Gi.)
- Who's next? - Me.
Okay.
Is everyone taking their clothes off?
Really?
(Se Hyeong also takes off clothes just as Seung Gi did)
Hey.
(I was fair.)
(I did it for everyone.)
(But return to that,)
(all I got was Seung Gi's attack and conciliation.)
(And he chose long jump as if he was targeting me.)
(That's a game that two can play, Lee Seung Gi.)
(When I jump less than 2.2m, which is Seung Gi's record,)
(I'm going to burn in fire.)
Hurry up.
He looks so desperate.
Number two, Yang Se Hyeong. Start.
(Hotter than Seung Gi)
(He jumped!)
(Did he jump...)
(farther?)
(Ouch)
(Collapsed)
(Not only his face,)
(his body is stuck deep in the snow.)
Shoot, I'm doomed.
(Laughing hard)
(Bursting out laughing)
(Shoot, I'm doomed.)
(He likes it so much.)
What shall I do?
You tripped over.
(Tripping on branches,)
(Se Hyeong lost his center of gravity.)
(Then, he fell over on the snowed ground.)
(Mingled with joy and sorrow)
It was here. Your record is here.
It's over.
He tripped over this.
Can I just jump in place?
It doesn't matter. It's up to you.
I think I can reach there by jumping in place.
I don't think so, Sang Yun.
(3rd player, Lee Sang Yun, 185cm)
Here...
Both Sang Yun and Se Hyeong insisted that the game was invalid.
Right. It'll be a tie then.
(I helped him to make it a tie, but Sang Yun is hurting my pride.)
(This is why it's said you shouldn't help others thoughtlessly.)
(Without a warm-up,)
He doesn't have to go so far.
(he jumped.)
(Without run-up,)
(he jumped!)
(Who's going to sleep with their master tonight?)
(Even if he jumped in place,)
(he jumped farther than Se Hyeong did.)
So, Se Hyeong is sleeping with our master!
(Sighing)
Se Hyeong is sleeping with our master!
(Se Hyeong gets to sleep with the master.)
(There was...)
(no twist.)
(Sang Yun... Seung Gi...)
I knew this coming since you asked too many things.
It's so cold.
I'm okay. I'm fine.
(Sang Yun takes out a hand warmer, feeling sorry.)
It's not even hot at all.
It's not a help at all.
- Let's go. - I'm looking forward to tonight.
(The long and cold battle even to freeze the hand warmer.)
Who said to do this? Actually, I did it.
Yes!
(To tell the news that Se Hyeong is the one...)
(to sleep with him, they're going to the master.)
- Are you staying in shape? - Yes.
Do you work out?
- And are you eating well too? - Yes, I am.
- Master. - We're back, Master.
You came back?
Gosh, you became snowmen.
Knock the snow off on your head. You might be freezing.
(The reason why...)
(they became snowmen is...)
(because of sleeping together with the master.)
(You'll never know.)
Master, there's something we'll tell you.
At outside, we wanted to have memories together.
And we picked someone for tonight.
He's going to sleep with you, do massages for you,
tell you a story, and even sing a lullaby for you.
Someone's going to enter my room?
Yes. There's someone who really wants to sleep with you.
I wish no one sleeps in my room.
(I wish no one sleeps in my room.)
(Hmm)
(Sighing)
- Did someone get to do it? - Yes.
That person won't bother you.
But, that person is going to sing a lullaby until I go asleep?
- Well... - If you want...
I've been to military service before.
Someone was told to sing a lullaby.
But...
(But?)
(Gulping)
- I wanted to kill him. - I see.
(I see.)
- I heard the singing. - Yes.
(Although it's a joke...)
Right. Singing a lullaby is too much.
Right. In the military service...
- I know. - they make people do such things.
Singing a lullaby...
(Singing a lullaby can be difficult, Se Hyeong.)
Before then, there's an important thing.
Where are we sleeping tonight? It's so snowy outside.
Right. We need to decide where to sleep.
Come to my place.
No. Come to mine.
You don't need to go far away.
Just stay here.
But these guys have to eat and sleep.
- Hold on. - Can we sleep here?
My place has heated floors and they need a warm place to stay.
- You can stay... - They all...
want us to stay in their places.
Then, how about telling us what your places like?
Tell us about your places.
Well...
my place have furnace to heat the house.
It's a flat stone heating the floor.
It functions similarly as Korean dry sauna.
Functioning like Korean dry sauna?
In this kind of weather, it's best to get yourself warm.
(Making a diversion)
- Weigh it well. - Okay.
(It's best to get yourself warm. Weigh it well.)
The thing is the house is warm, but he has families at home.
- That's a thing to consider. - I guess that can be a problem.
We might disturb them.
(It's okay...)
First, our house also has good heating system.
(Of course we have the heating system too.)
And we have good drinks too.
You mean alcohol?
And since you got snowed on,
it's better to move in a short distance.
How many minutes does it take on foot?
Around 30 steps?
30 steps?
It's just here then.
(It's just around the corner.)
The house looked good.
(Liu Bei's house is in best location.)
When you come to our house,
we have much more drinks.
(We have much more drinks.)
And you can use the house by yourself.
I have no families.
We'll be guaranteed to have a separate space.
That's right.
That sounds good.
And you can sing and have fun there.
We also have a karaoke.
(Zhang Fei's house has the karaoke system.)
- That's not the point. - He's checking him.
(That's not the point.)
(According to Liu Bei, Zhang Fei's place has a karaoke room.)
It's not a karaoke room. It just has a karaoke machine.
- I mean... - That was the only good condition.
- karaoke machine is... - Take off your hand.
(Quarreling)
You don't call a karaoke machine room, but a karaoke room.
When you have wills and desires,
come to my place.
- When we have wills and desires... - His place sounds great.
I'm so torn.
Come to my place when you have wills and desires.
Don't just do it that way. Do as you want.
- Let's go to my place. - Since you're here,
(Guan Yu is appealing by pushful physical touch.)
You don't have to go far. Just stay here at my place.
Since you're here, I'll let you stay at an unshared house.
I already emptied three rooms.
(Because of the older brother's big shouting,)
(Zhang Fei's eyes look anxious.)
They're very competitive.
- Then... - Guan Yu...
You used to look after me in usual.
In this situation, there's no more concessions.
We all heard what you've got.
For a minute or so, we'll have some discussions.
All right. Take your time.
- Are you done talking? - Yes.
- Then, we'll... - All right.
Well...
This is the moment to make a choice.
Before we begin,
we'll tell you all your conditions were good.
I think it'll be better not to disturb your families.
Hooray!
Thank you for having us tonight.
You don't need to. I thank you. Thank you for choosing me.
He's saying he's thankful for visiting his house.
You can only find such generous offers in paradise.
You're right.
- It's snowing a lot. - I love to see the snow.
It's beautiful.
Is it snowing hard?
It's snowing hard. There are more snow flurries now.
(The disaster alert goes off.)
This is an emergency.
We can't go home.
(It's frozen everywhere. Extreme cold wave hits Gangwon Province.)
(Gangwon Province is nearly minus 30°C.)
(On top of the cold wave, there's a snow storm.)
It's snowing so much.
(The sun set, and the night fell in no time.)
- Let's walk slowly. - Yes.
(They face the creepiness of Gangwon Province's nature.)
What kind of a weather is this?
It's cold.
- What if we can't go up? - What is this?
(Because of the snow storm, they can't move by car.)
The snow is hitting my brain.
(For their safety, they will walk to the house.)
This is torture.
It's snowing way too much.
I have to check the camera.
- The screen is gone. - I will quickly check the camera.
Right now,
we are on our way to Mr. Zhang Fei's house.
It's an uphill, and it's snowing very hard.
So we can't take a car.
We have to walk up for about 20 minutes.
(The survival diary continues.)
It seems like...
we are stranded in this snowy mountain.
The snowcapped mountain is ever-so white.
So why does it feel...
like our future is dark?
It feels like we're really stranded in the mountain,
looking for a shelter.
It really feels like Mount Everest.
(Is this a survival variety show?)
We are nearly there. Hang in there.
(Law of the Master)
At this age, it's really tough to climb.
I'm tired too,
but you're older than me, so you must be more tired.
- I think he's really strong. - He is.
(He's worried about his brother.)
I'm proud of him.
We're nearly there, sir.
- This is crazy. - It's like a survival variety show.
This is like a boot camp training.
It's nature.
(Everyone becomes quiet.)
Anyhow,
is it okay that you can't leave tomorrow?
(We can't...)
(leave tomorrow?)
(They're deep in the woods of Hongcheon, Gangwon Province.)
- We can't leave? - You can't leave in this weather.
(Will they actually be stranded?)
(This is a real problem.)
- Really? - Yes.
My goodness.
We are stranded.
(The paths...)
(are disappearing.)
It's tiring, isn't it?
(Everyone is getting tired.)
My goodness.
It must be there.
- Right. We are here. - We are here.
(The light is shining dimly.)
We are here.
I never knew I'd be so happy to see the house.
- I know. - It's like an oasis in a desert.
- Right? - Yes.
Nobody usually visits the house,
but you are cherishing it and loving it.
It looks so beautiful.
Does it? My gosh.
(We're nearly there. Let's cheer up.)
(They managed to walk through the snow thrown by Elsa.)
This is really great.
It's in the middle of the mountain.
Well done, everyone.
- Well done. - Good job.
Good job, everyone.
(After the boot camp, they finally arrived here.)
Thank you.
- Excuse me. - Excuse me.
This is a nice house.
(The master used to stay here whenever he came to Hongcheon.)
This is how precious home is.
It's so warm and nice.
It's very warm there.
(After experiencing the wildness of the nature,)
Warm your body.
(they realize the preciousness of a home.)
It's so warm and nice.
(He feels sleepy.)
Should I turn the stove on?
Do you use that stove inside?
(Afraid that his guests will get cold, he lights the stove.)
I will fix everything.
- It will be amazing. - It's...
This place is amazing. What's this room for?
(What are all these?)
All the liquors in the world are here.
(This is the alcohol room of Zhang Fei's house.)
This is the secret storage.
(He's got wild ginseng, cultivated ginseng,)
(wild deodeok, Japanese apricot, garlic, cynanchum, lacquer tree,)
(balloon flower root, magnolia berry, wasp liquor, and many more.)
What is this? This is the wasp one. No way.
- Is it wasp liquor? - Look at this.
- What is it? - Wasp liquor.
- Are there wasps inside? - Yes.
- Are they real wasps? - People do this.
(How can you drink this?)
- Isn't that wild ginseng? - This is wild ginseng.
- Wild ginseng. - There's a flower too.
- This is the real wild ginseng. - Right.
Wouldn't you be in big trouble if you drop that?
- He will be in big trouble. - The wild ginseng is huge.
The wild ginseng is huge.
(No, that's mine.)
I will explain to you.
(It means they should put them down.)
- What's this? - This is deodeok.
- This is... - Is that deodeok?
It's wild deodeok. I picked it 13 years ago.
(They are wild deodeok 13 to 20 years old.)
- Deodeok, you mean? - Yes.
This is about 20 years old.
(He brags about his liquors.)
(All the precious liquors are in here.)
(They become reverent.)
(I feel proud of myself.)
If you were to sell...
any of these, which one would be...
the most expensive?
I wouldn't sell it.
- Would you feel too sad? - I'd feel sad about the lost years.
This is a magical room.
For those who love drinking, this is paradise.
Now,
(They are stranded, but it's a paradise.)
you can drink this tonight. It's homemade raspberry wine.
(He gives them the liquor he likes to warm their bodies.)
- It's a little thick. - Thank you.
He brought one out because...
he felt guilty about talking too long in there.
(Muttering to his friend...)
(is his way of saying thank you to him.)
It's really delicious.
- Okay. - Thank you.
- Thank you. - Bye.
Thank you.
Bye. I will see you tomorrow.
- Bye. - Bye.
(Zhang Fei heads to the next door before it gets too late.)
(The snow falls heavier.)
(And they are marooned in the house.)
(They are left alone with the master.)
(There is only one thing...)
(they can do.)
You must be thirsty from walking long.
You should have some drinks.
Sure.
(It's the moment they've been waiting for.)
(It will be a romantic drinking party with the master.)
Someone fix some food. Is there any food in here?
- I will go check it. - Go check it.
(Is there anything in the kitchen?)
(He finds food like magic.)
(They are extra-large chickens.)
(These are...)
What is it?
(the chicken that were cooking in front of Liu Bei's.)
(Liu Bei prepared a perfect meal for them.)
(It's my gift. Enjoy it.)
I will put it back in the soup.
I will boil it in the soup for a while.
(It takes up the whole pot.)
- This chicken is huge. - It's amazing.
This is unbelievable.
The chicken is boiling.
- Is it boiling? - It is.
That's done then.
Use two tongs...
and move it here.
Okay.
- It's really heavy. - It's very heavy.
(Seung Gi plays in the Moving Baeksuk Event.)
(He struggles.)
Support the bottom.
That's it.
This is...
- Don't drop it from top. - I know.
(They fought the bitter cold and made it this far.)
- Come on. - I got it.
(He's desperate to win this game.)
(It's his 3rd try.)
- You're nearly there. - Come on.
Come on.
(Even if we face a limit and a crisis,)
(if we hold out until the end with perseverance and strong will,)
(we will win baeksuk.)
Come on. That's it.
(Seung Gi wins the gold medal.)
- That's it. - Should I serve it as it is?
(Sang Yoon is watching TV with the master.)
(They remain silent.)
(Should I talk to him?)
(The only place their eyes can be is on the TV.)
(The show he's enjoying is...)
(a nature documentary.)
(Laughing)
(Should I laugh?)
I watch...
a lot of documentaries.
(Their 1st-ever conversation...)
(ends.)
(I should drink with him.)
Let's drink. Good job.
(They are as awkward as a father-in-law and a son-in-law.)
In the old days, when we didn't have food, we just ate salt.
(Feeling awkward, he copies the master.)
(It's salt.)
(They become so quiet that salt starts forming in their mouths.)
(Seung Gi brings out the huge chicken.)
I brought food.
(They drink with Master Bool Am.)
You heated the chickens.
Yes. I heated it.
Let's eat now. This is enough, isn't it?
This is amazing. It looks so good.
Where did you find the kimchi?
It was in the fridge.
(It's an amazing combination of kimchi and baeksuk.)
Master, according to the time table...
you wrote for us,
there was time for a heart exercise. What is that?
(What is this exercise he does before sleep?)
- It's drinking time. - I see.
It helps your blood circulation.
It makes your heart beat faster.
I love that time.
That's the heart exercise.
(I love the heart exercise.)
- Let's drink. - Thank you.
- Well done, everyone. - Well done.
Cheers.
It looks like it would be really good for you.
It's very sweet.
Have some meat, sir.
Let's eat.
This chicken is delicious.
(This chicken is lovely.)
(It was a tiring day,)
(and they recharge their energy with baeksuk.)
- This is delicious. - This is really delicious.
Don't we look like his grandsons?
It's like we've come to visit our grandfather.
(He's happy to see his grandsons eating well.)
(One of them eats more than the others.)
I am happy.
(It's the youngest one, Seong Jae.)
(His appetite explodes,)
(and he enjoys his time with baeksuk.)
We are eating so well today.
(Baeksuk is meant to be drank.)
We were starved.
(He's happy watching them.)
How do you feel when you drink?
Even now, I don't know how I feel after I drink.
(Why do we drink alcohol?)
You've been drinking since you were young,
- but you still don't know. - I still don't know the answer.
Honestly, I have never...
seriously thought about...
why I drink.
I usually drink because my colleagues invite me to parties.
Or I drink with my friends. I see them almost every day.
We drink because we have nothing better to do.
That's the answer.
At first,
(Why does Se Hyeong drink?)
I used to think it's an adult version of playing.
But one of the rules I gave to myself is...
that I don't drink when I am not in a good mood.
I drink only when I feel good.
- That's very wise. - Yes.
Now I remember why I used to drink.
I'm sure you don't know about "Chief Inspector".
I know. I've never seen it, but I know what it is.
Most of the episodes...
had a heartrending story.
It was about people who commit crimes to survive the tough times.
It was very sad.
I strongly sympathized with the characters and felt sad.
I felt upset.
After acting in the drama which portrayed stories about...
sorrows and joys of life,
I often found my heart...
burning inside when I went home.
(He was often upset even after he got home from the shoot.)
My heart was burning.
And water wasn't going to put out the fire.
Only alcohol could do it.
I would run into a pub.
I would get whatever drink I could. Makgeolli, beer, or soju.
After gulping it down,
I felt like the fire was put out.
It felt like pouring water onto burning charcoals.
So alcohol was what I used to put out fire in my heart.
(It put out the fire in his heart.)
I thought of this while you were talking.
We usually just drink for fun,
so we play a lot of drinking games.
- Games? - Yes. Drinking games.
Right.
Play a game then. I will watch you.
There's this thing we do.
Master, you are going to drink it bottoms-up, right?
You can't drink it half-way.
(Seong Jae's cute action...)
(starts the game time.)
Try it.
We will show you something fun. Let's play Hunminjeongeum.
(Hunminjeongeum?)
- That's a good one. - Hunminjeongeum.
- This is a good one. - I think he will be good at this.
There's a game called Hunminjeongeum.
One person will give only the initials of a word.
For example, I will say, "K and d."
The initials are k and d.
- Dress shoes. - Conch.
When you think of a word, you can grab my thumb.
- Let's try it. - Let's try it.
I will teach you the move too. Just lightly flap your arms.
(Like this?)
(He shrugs his shoulders.)
(He tries to learn the youth's lifestyle...)
(by flapping his arms.)
(He's cute.)
(His flapping is still clumsy.)
- Let's practice it again. - Okay.
- 1, 2, 3, 4. - Hunminjeongeum, Hunminjeongeum
Wait, sir.
(What is he going to say this time?)
Wait, sir. You can't just flap your arms.
If you don't sing the song, you lose.
Everyone has to sing.
(It's hard.)
I will give the initials.
- Hunminjeongeum, Hunminjeongeum - Hunminjeongeum, Hunminjeongeum
(We can hear the master's low voice.)
(He flaps his arms.)
- Hun, min, jeong, eum - Hun, min, jeong, eum
- Hunminjeongeum - Hunminjeongeum
S and p.
- Bubble. - Sandpaper.
(Who is going to lose?)
Chopin.
(Chopin)
- Okay. - Right, there's Chopin.
- This is how it goes. - This is how it goes.
- This is how it goes. - "S and p" was difficult.
- I made it difficult. - It was.
You have to remain calm, don't you?
Here. Hold a chopstick.
(What's this now?)
When a game finishes,
you need to hurry and start the next round.
There is no time to rest There is no time to rest
Until when will you make us wait
Hurry up
This is what you do to get the game going.
(There is a lot to learn.)
Let's begin with "There's no time to rest".
1, 2, 3, 4. There's no time to rest
(There's a snow storm outside,)
(but it's peaceful and heartwarming in the house.)
(There's no time to rest)
(It became a tongue twister with too much learning.)
Until when will you make us wait
(They have long forgotten about the snow storm.)
(Hurry up with the next round.)
1, 2, 3, 4.
(The main game starts.)
- Hun, min, jeong, eum - Hun, min, jeong, eum
- Hun, min, jeong, eum - N and j.
- Naju. - Okay.
(N and j.)
- It's n and j. - No fun.
- That's okay too. - N and j.
(N and j.)
- N and j. - It's n and j.
N and j.
(He holds the thumb first.)
(How will it end?)
Street stall.
(Street stall.)
Right!
(Did you see that?)
(He's good.)
I can't think well after drinking.
- It was tough. - I couldn't think.
- Now you can... - I should go to bed.
You should go to bed first.
(Someone familiar...)
(visits them.)
- Go in. - Did you walk here?
- Is someone here? - Oh, dear.
- It's... - Why didn't you take the drink?
I know. The car couldn't come up.
This is good for arthritis.
- This is better than anything. - Goodness.
(He walked through the snow to give him the drink.)
Have you eaten?
- Right. - He's drinking this right now.
Come here.
I will bring chopsticks.
Have a seat.
Sit next to me.
(Feeling embarrassed, he makes the child sit next to him.)
- To bring me the liquor, - Yes.
(Liu Bei brought him liquor he made,)
he walked up the mountain.
(and he had to walk up the mountain in the snow.)
He walked all the way from there.
(He walked all the way up.)
I shouldn't forget it.
I feel so touched.
(He's touched.)
I was so happy drinking with my pupils.
It's an honor for us.
- Thank you. - I will go to bed now.
You should go to bed first.
When you sleep,
one of us will...
go sleep beside you.
(He didn't know until then.)
(He has to wear matching pajamas with the master,)
(wash his feet,)
Let's sing a lullaby to him.
(and sing a lullaby to the master.)
It would be fine as long as it's not me.
(He laughed at the master's future roommate.)
You should rest first. We will take care of the rest.
I wanted you...
to have good night's sleep, so we got you...
- a pair of pajamas. - Did you?
You can just put them on top of your clothes.
This is supposed to make you sleep well.
This is it. You can get changed there.
It looks like what a clown would wear.
(It seems like he doesn't like it.)
When you actually wear it.
- You'll sleep well. - It's very soft.
It will make you sleep like a baby.
- It's very soft. - Are these pajamas?
- Yes. - Can I take these home?
- Of course you can. - Of course they are yours.
- Well then. - You don't have to return them.
(There's no reason to refuse it.)
I will go to bed now.
- Have a good sleep. - I will join you shortly.
Thank you.
- Have a good night. - Give me that.
- His bag. - His bag.
No.
(This?)
(He loves Se Hyeong's sense of humor.)
- You're so funny. - That was funny.
- That was funny. - I love how funny you are.
Thank you.
- Good night. - Good night, sir.
I will come outside when I get bored.
- Have a good rest. - Okay.
I think he's going to get upset when I wash his feet.
Don't you have to sing him a lullaby too?
It's Se Hyeong's problem.
I will just do it.
This is funny.
Look at you.
You are so adorable.
(While Se Hyeong is showing off his stunning looks,)
(the master casually puts on the pajamas.)
(With overflowing charisma, he gets ready for bed.)
(He put on the matching pajamas,)
(but he's got other things to get done.)
(He has to wash the master's feet.)
You know how embarrassing that would be, right?
It's embarrassing, but you become very close.
(Why on earth did I do that?)
(It must be so embarrassing.)
(Why did he suggest to wash the master's feet?)
(Laughing)
(He sighs.)
(Let's get water first.)
I am so glad that it's not me.
(He checks the temperature of the water.)
It suits him well.
He looks so funny from here.
(Wearing bunny pajamas, he's filling a basin with water.)
It's so funny.
Even his back is funny.
(He looks chubby from the back.)
It's funny because it's not me.
(I am serious right now.)
(I am serious.)
(The 2nd mission is washing the master's feet.)
(They just watch him.)
(It's finally time to wash the master's feet.)
I think he's going to get upset if I wash his feet.
(The 2nd mission is washing the master's feet.)
(They just watch him.)
(It's finally time to wash the master's feet.)
I think he's going to get upset if I wash his feet.
(Oh, no.)
(The master is...)
(sleeping.)
(What do I do?)
(Should I wake him up or should I not?)
(Curious, Seung Gi...)
(sticks his camera inside the room.)
(What do I do?)
(What do you mean? You should wash his feet.)
(He thinks carefully.)
(Will he fail to wash the master's feet?)
(Yes! I have decided.)
I will fix the blanket for you.
(He pretends to fix the blanket.)
I will be sleeping next to you tonight.
- Right. - Right.
I will be sleeping on the floor.
There are beddings for the floor.
- Yes, there are. - There are beddings.
I will fix them.
(The master tries to sleep again.)
(No.)
(I must tell him now.)
A foot bath would be too much, wouldn't it?
- What are you saying? - Right.
(Se Hyeong is ruined.)
(He retreats for now.)
You should sleep. I will sleep on the floor.
These pajamas are so warm.
- I will turn off the light. - Okay.
Thanks to the pajamas,
- It's nice and soft, isn't it? - I am going to sleep well.
To make you sleep even better,
I will sing you a lullaby.
Stop talking nonsense.
(Se Hyeong is surprised.)
(They try not to laugh.)
- Please listen for just a minute. - I really hate that.
Let's just talk about the old days.
(Will he fail to sing the lullaby too?)
- I practiced. Can I show you? - Don't do it.
(But I have to do it.)
I am not a baby.
That's not it.
I don't need to be adored.
Every day with you
(He's singing.)
(Every day with you)
(I enjoy the morning sun)
- Enjoy what? - Every day
- It's that song. - I want to wake up with you
(Today, I wanted to...)
(spend time to talk to you.)
(I wanted to keep all your love to myself.)
(I tried and tried,)
(but why won't you love me back?)
(Can you hear my serenade for you?)
(He's serious, isn't he?)
(I want to share it with you)
(Ah)
(He's going to summon a ghost.)
Every day with Bul Am
(Every day with Bul Am)
(He laughs.)
I'm awake now.
He said, "every day with Bul Am".
I can't sleep now.
Do you want me to sing you a lullaby?
Did you used to sing a lullaby to your children?
I did, when they were babies.
I used to sing this...
to my daughter.
(Will he sing it to Se Hyeong?)
(It's seems that Se Hyeong impressed him.)
(Good night my darling)
Sleep well
(The master sings for Se Hyeong,)
(who wants to be the master's darling.)
Have a sweet dream
I will wash your feet when you wake up tomorrow.
Don't do it.
(He's very determined.)
- Open the door... - Okay.
and tell them I said they should sleep.
Tell them to stop making the rustling sound.
They should stop making the rustling sound?
Yes.
(He takes all the master's love to himself...)
(and walks out of the room arrogantly.)
(And he delivers the master's message.)
The master says you should stop making the rustling sound.
(Stop making the rustling sound.)
Every day with Bul Am
It won't stop snowing. It's snowing even heavier.
It's snowing heavier than before.
It's going to snow all night.
- My goodness. - What if we get isolated here?
It's a serious situation.
Isn't this considered heavy snow?
- It's... - Seriously,
this is not joke.
How can it snow so much?
All I can see is buildings and the ground.
What if we get stranded here?
(What if we can't get out?)
Even the road is completely gone. It was right there.
(They can't even see the road.)
I think the snow has piled up to our knees.
We're in big trouble.
- But I must say, it's so pretty. - It is.
(They've forgotten their worries.)
We'll be able to go all the way down in a sled, don't you think?
I feel like Elsa will jump out at us.
(Snow makes them feel like children.)
It looks so nice over here too.
Isn't it so pretty?
Shall we have some tea?
Yes, that would be great.
- Let's reflect on our day. - Sounds good.
(They'll have a cup of tea while enjoying this romantic scenery.)
In some foreign movies,
you see people traveling to places like this.
- A mountain cabin... - Yes, totally.
- in a snowy place like this. - That's right.
But we...
just ended up here.
(We could come here thanks to the master.)
(Now that they have some time to relax,)
(they can finally reflect on everything that happened today.)
(Things they would've never learned if they hadn't met the master)
(Trees get very lonely.)
(But in order to reach high in the sky,)
(they endure the loneliness and stay focused.)
Shall I call it romance?
(The sense of romance they would've never felt if they hadn't met him)
(And the people they would've never met if it weren't for him)
I must say, when the three of them...
were walking in...
I still can't forget the looks on their faces...
the moment they saw the master.
- Right here... - Their eyes welled up with tears.
Yes, I know. I saw it too.
They must've missed him a lot.
As soon as they saw him,
they were choked with emotion.
Even though they were physically far away from him,
- they must've always... - Gosh, that's sad.
He must've always been on their mind...
because they missed him.
"Is everything going well for him? Would he be doing well?"
What should we do to make friends like them?
Gosh, in life...
(It makes me reflect on my life.)
How many friends like them do I have?
(How many friends like them are in my life?)
That's what it made me think.
(A friend that never changes)
(A friend whom you always miss)
You look the same.
(Time always flows at the same rate for such friends.)
It's not like time doesn't flow for some people.
Time only stops when you die.
- He's so happy to see them. - I know, right?
(They even withstand the weight of time together.)
- His eyes are welled up with tears. - Yes.
What would it be? What creates such friendship?
(Could we become like them too?)
- Loyalty. - Right, loyalty toward each other.
(Their loyalty enabled them to maintain such friendship.)
Liu Bei, Guan Yu and Zhang Fei took an oath under a peach tree...
- while sharing a glass of drink. - That's right.
How about we do the same thing on the field of snow?
(On the field of snow?)
You're saying we'll...
- take an oath in the snow, right? - Yes, exactly.
We'll take an oath and become sworn brothers in the snow.
We can share a handful of snow instead of a glass of drink.
What?
(We'll eat snow?)
It'll be so cool.
My face still feels a bit numb.
Sure, let's do it.
(It can't affect our friendship.)
All right. Let's head out, then.
(The Oath on the Snowfield)
My, there's so much snow. This is crazy.
(In 2018,)
(on a winter night with snowflakes falling like peach blossom petals,)
(these four guys take an oath...)
(and become sworn brothers...)
(on a snowy hill in Hongcheon, Gangwon Province.)
The Oath on the Snowfield.
(Seung Gi is overly eager.)
The Oath on the Snowfield...
(The sentimental guy, Seong Jae)
(The chipper guy, Se Hyeong)
(The root, Sang Yun)
Even if we don't see each other for 25 years,
our friendship won't change.
(We'll remember each other.)
The Oath on the Snowfield.
(What does loyalty mean to you?)
When Seong Jae comes to see me,
I'll treat him the way I do now even if he's no longer a member of BTOB.
Have you been good to me because I'm a member of BTOB?
Of course not. That's not why I've been good to you.
I won't care about any of the superficial stuff.
If Seong Jae comes to see me, I'll gladly...
invite him over to my place for a meal.
(He's always welcome at Seung Gi's place.)
And we'll have drinks together.
We met like this and have become friends, you know.
(That sounds pretty good.)
For me... Let's say something bad happens...
to you guys when we're older.
If you guys come to me for help,
the three of you...
Well, nothing bad should happen, of course.
But I don't think I'll give you guys money.
Instead, I'll probably give you a job so that you can earn a living.
- A job? - For example...
You know.
For example, I can give you a store manager position.
That way, you'll be able to earn money yourself.
(Is that so?)
If we meet again when our hair is all white...
If we meet again when we're that old,
I'll let you guys live with me at my place...
until we feel that we've spent enough time with each other...
and want to go back to our day-to-day lives.
- Seriously? - Yes.
- We'll eat together too. - Even if you live with your family?
Of course. We'll eat together, and we'll have drinks at night too.
We can also go to the sauna together.
That's the coolest answer so far. I'll do the same.
I'll...
(How will the youngest one, Seong Jae, express his loyalty?)
When I meet you guys again 25 years later,
I'll shed tears for you.
No matter what the meaning may be.
You all saw the look on Master Zhang Fei's face earlier.
(Like our masters)
With those loving eyes.
I'll look like I still miss you guys even when I'm looking at you.
(This oath started out as a joke,)
(but what the youngest member said...)
(made them all serious about it.)
- Then shall we take an oath now? - Yes, we should.
- Grab a handful of snow. - A handful of snow.
We should show how sincere we are through the amount of snow.
Just enough to show how determined we are about this pledge.
- Okay. - This snow proves our friendship...
- as well as our pledge. - Okay, got it.
- All right? - Okay.
All right. Let's get some snow.
- Let's go. - Okay.
(A white snowfield no one has stepped on)
Gosh, what is this? It's this deep?
(In order to take an oath,)
(they plunge into the snow.)
- Gosh, there's so much snow. - It's really deep.
(Even if a rough road lies ahead...)
Gosh, what is this? It's this deep?
(We'll overcome it together.)
- I've never been in snow like this. - Me neither.
- I've never seen this much snow. - Seriously.
- This feels nice though. - Yes, it's not bad.
- Let's do it, guys. - Okay.
Grab a handful of snow.
(The Oath on the Snowfield)
(This snow is a token of our friendship...)
(as well as our pledge.)
(Our friendship is very precious.)
(Pressing)
All the Butlers' Oath in the Snowfield.
(Everyone has scooped up snow.)
- Let our friendship last forever. - What?
(Am I the only one who's sincere?)
(Only Sang Yun has a huge ball of snow.)
What's going on?
(Sorry, Sang Yun.)
(They fooled me once again.)
Let's toast as we're shouting "All the Butlers" together.
Then we'll eat the snow. Okay, let's do this.
(Now, they're sincere.)
All the Butlers' Oath in the Snowfield.
- All the Butlers! - All the Butlers!
(Everyone has scooped up snow.)
- Let our friendship last forever. - What?
(Am I the only one who's sincere?)
(Only Sang Yun has a huge ball of snow.)
What's going on?
(Sorry, Sang Yun.)
(They fooled me once again.)
Let's toast as we're shouting "All the Butlers" together.
Then we'll eat the snow. Okay, let's do this.
(Now, they're sincere.)
All the Butlers' Oath in the Snowfield.
- All the Butlers! - All the Butlers!
[VIU Ver] E07 Master in the House / All the Butlers
"Resolution of Friendship"
-= Ruo Xi =-
(Let our brotherhood last forever.)
(What we ate isn't just a handful of snow.)
(It'll become our blood and flesh,)
(and it'll enable us to stay connected eternally.)
What is this taste?
(But it tastes a little funky.)
(Why does it taste like this?)
Gosh, this is...
(Did I eat too much?)
I think I ate too much.
I know what we're tasting.
Well, you know. It must be fine dust.
It does taste a little bit like that.
But this is...
Hey.
(This taste is really...)
It tastes so weird.
(The snow tastes so weird.)
(Sang Yun is analyzing it, thinking that it definitely tastes familiar.)
- I'm serious. - It tastes a little bit like sand.
I can taste fine dust.
(They took the oath anyway.)
Let's go in, guys.
I'm so cold. Snow even got in my socks.
But it's actually very delicious.
I ate too much,
but it really tastes like cotton candy. Also...
You know the type of crushed ice dessert that's popular now, right?
It actually tastes like that.
What is this taste?
(He tries another mouthful.)
Are you eating more snow?
- I think he'll keep eating it. - He said it's like crushed ice.
I'm serious.
Do we have strawberry jam?
It'll be pretty tasty with things like strawberry jam or syrup.
(We hope you reminisce today together 25 years later.)
- Never forget about our oath. - Okay.
- Of course. - All right.
(With firm determination,)
(Se Hyeong gets ready to sleep beside the master.)
(Could it be because of the oath?)
(Even though not all of them are sleeping side by side,)
(they fell asleep in the exact same posture.)
(Maybe they're having the same dream.)
(Every day, we want to enjoy...)
(the morning sunshine with Bool Am.)
(Every day,)
(we want to wake up next to him.)
(1 morning in Hongcheon at 5:50am)
Let's do it together.
(These two guys are already up.)
You have to fold it the same way. That's it.
(Since they've sung lullabies to each other,)
(their teamwork is just perfect.)
You don't exercise?
- Exercise? - Yes.
(At this early hour?)
There are a few exercises you need to do for acting.
You can just do them to stay healthy as well.
I'd like to teach you. Will you be able to follow what I do?
- Yes, of course. - Good. All right, then.
Then come sit here with me facing this wall.
- There? - Yes. Come sit right here.
Lean your back against it. Yes, sit right there.
That's it. Sit cross legged like that.
(They'll stare at the wall...)
(and exercise at this early hour?)
(6am: Zoning out)
This is for your mental health.
(Zoning out is good for training the mind.)
First, you need to breathe evenly. Breathe in.
Take air all the way in. Pull in inward as much as you can.
Then breathe out slowly.
(Breathing out)
- Through the mouth? - Yes, through the mouth.
Breathe in through the nose. You can use your mouth too.
(Glancing)
(Breathing out)
Reflect on yesterday. Think about what happened, what went wrong,
what made you happy,
and what you don't want to remember.
It could be things that exhausted you as well.
You need to let them all go while you breathe out.
(What exhausted me)
Does this exercise help you stay energized throughout the day?
- Does it help with acting too? - Yes, it does.
What I just showed you is how to relax your body through breathing.
- I see. - Through...
breathing out like this, you can get rid of mind chatter.
- You see these flowers, right? - Yes.
Train your breathing and mind until this becomes...
a completely blank wall.
Until this becomes a blank wall?
Until it looks like the flowers are gone.
(Until the flowers are gone?)
You see all these flowers here, right?
(Train your mind so that...)
(the flowers are no longer visible to you.)
- There are too many of them. - Right.
- I know. - Yes.
- There is a lot of flowers. - Yes.
Try to erase them one by one.
You need to use your mind.
Keep telling yourself that there are no flowers on the wall.
(Keep telling yourself that there are no flowers on the wall.)
(The flowers are so visible.)
You don't need to do anything with your body.
Just let it all go.
If you relax like this, your shoulders will drop first.
Now, your body has no purpose.
It doesn't need to do anything.
- I see. - After that,
keep telling yourself that there are no flowers.
"There's nothing."
"It's a complete blank like a white field of snow."
"It's like a blank piece of paper."
"It's like the blue sky. There's nothing on it."
"There's absolutely nothing. There are no flowers."
"There's nothing. All I see is pink."
(You don't see anything right now.)
Keep on erasing everything you see,
and it'll eventually become a white field of snow.
It'll become a blank piece of paper.
"There's nothing."
"There's something."
"It's colorless now."
"The flowers are disappearing." You need to come up with your own steps.
- Excuse me for a second, Master. - All right.
I'll be right back.
Seung Gi.
- Seung Gi. - Yes.
Master wants to teach us...
- his breathing exercise now. - Okay.
Yes, right now.
(Brothers, let's breathe together every moment.)
Master wants to teach us his breathing exercise.
- Sang Yun. - Yes.
(Breathing in)
(Breathing out)
Now. Right now.
Come right now. Come on.
(Brothers, I invite you to the field of flowers.)
- I thought everyone should learn. - Do they want to learn it too?
Yes, they said they want to learn.
I see. Come here, guys.
Good. The three of you should do it together.
- You look better with messy hair. - Good morning, Master.
Did you have a good dream?
(He looks especially handsome in the morning.)
(We hear his signature laughter again.)
It means that you were tired. We have dreams when we're tired.
(Tired? Not at all. I feel so well-rested.)
(These guys look a little more presentable than he does.)
Master just taught me...
how to do his breathing exercise.
He says it's incredibly helpful for acting.
- Really? - It also relaxes the mind.
It's how you can train your soul. Shall I call it soul training?
(Soul Training)
I'll explain. You get makeup done in hair and makeup rooms, right?
As soon as you open the door to the studio,
you enter the world of your soul. It's the place...
you've been picturing for the character you're playing.
So what you should do is look into the mirror like this...
and ask yourself, "May I swap my soul now?"
("May I swap my soul now?")
Then from looks to everything else,
Choi Bool Am must stay inside the mirror.
(He leaves himself inside the mirror for a little while.)
I must focus on the soul I've created inside my head...
and enter the studio with it.
I carry it with me,
and I tell myself, "Bool Am, take a break for a few minutes."
That's why you need this training.
You need to be able to think that whatever you see doesn't exist.
Also, let your body free. Think that it doesn't have any purpose now.
(Empty your mind and body.)
Look at what's in front of you. There must be some objects.
- There are flowers on the wall. - Yes.
Just stare at the flowers without thinking anything.
Then try erasing them one by one.
(Try erasing the flowers 1 by 1.)
- Erase them? - Yes, erase all the flowers.
This is hard. I've erased about two but couldn't remove all of them.
Tell yourself that there are no flowers on the wall.
They'll disappear if you keep telling yourself they don't exist.
"There are no flowers. The flowers don't exist."
"I don't see any color. It looks like a white piece of paper."
Then it'll really become a blank piece of paper...
that looks like a white field of snow as if there's nothing on it.
Oh, gosh! I just saw all white.
I feel like I'm just spacing out.
(That's what it feels like on your first attempt.)
Master, then does the wall...
really look blank to you even with your eyes open?
You don't even need to hear my answer to that question.
The process is unique to everyone.
Just focus on making it look blank.
- Gosh, it's so hard. - It's very hard, isn't it?
Once you erase everything on it,
you have to draw new flowers.
(You must draw new flowers on it.)
(We haven't even erased the flowers that are on it now.)
"Oh, I see rose of Sharon blooming."
"I see red roses too."
In order to enable yourself do that with your imagination alone,
you must focus on your goal for now, which is erasing all the flowers.
A blank piece of paper.
You must erase everything first...
so that only a little bit of red can turn the whole wall red.
Even a little bit of blue will turn it red.
"It's turning red."
"The stigma has turned red."
"Even the stigma is red now."
"My, what a beautiful color."
(What a gorgeous color.)
Gosh, I can't do it at all.
I must say...
It'd be a lie if I say that I saw it turning red.
But after imagining it and concentrating for a while,
I didn't actually see red,
but I felt it gradually turning red, then it stopped just now.
- Me too. - Right? You must know what I mean.
(The advanced class)
- Good. - I see.
It comes down to training yourself to draw the picture in your mind.
I trained myself like this back when...
I was in a drama called "Father".
I wasn't in my 40s yet back then. I was 30-something years old,
but I played a father character in the drama.
I felt that I just couldn't portray the character's aura.
In other words, I couldn't express the kind of life he's led.
(He was too young and inexperienced to portray the father character.)
No matter how many times I wondered what he would've done,
every gesture looked too contrived.
So I just went to Seoul Station one day,
sat in front of the station, and started observing passersby...
all day long.
The character I had to play was a retired father.
(To be able to draw the image of the father in his head)
At the station, I saw a father who was saying goodbye to his daughter.
I saw all sorts of things.
(He observed countless fathers in real life.)
And I jotted down what I saw.
"Most of them have hunched backs."
"Most of them walk and move slowly."
"Older people tend to look at the ground when they walk."
I wrote down everything I observed.
Then I tried to make myself appear like the fathers I observed.
(His soul training is what created his signature father character.)
I feel lazy. I'm tired too. I'll just splash some water on myself.
- Then take off your undershirt. - Oh, boy.
(He played a 65-year-old father...)
(when he was just over 40.)
(He lost his father...)
(when he was 8 years old.)
I missed my father as I was playing those father characters.
"I wish I had a father like that."
I'm sure I thought to myself once in a while.
It's the most beautiful emotion, longing.
That's the end. It must be boring for the morning.
(Master acts a father with longing.)
- Thank you. - Thank you.
- I woke you up. - It's okay.
It was great.
(Go look in the mirror now.)
As an actor.
It's not easy to have such...
- a good lecture in the morning. - I was being silly in the morning.
(Seung Gi...)
(comes back to the room.)
(He sits down.)
The flower blooms.
It's snowing heavily.
It's not easy.
(His eyes hurt because he opened them so wide.)
(It didn't snow as Seung Gi wished,)
(but someone's coming through snow.)
(Light footsteps...)
(with heavy hands)
What kind of father were you?
(No one expected him.)
I'm curious.
(A guest who starts the day)
(My...)
(goodness.)
- Did you sleep well? - Hello.
Did you sleep well?
- Hello. - Hello.
(Guan Yu is here.)
(Everyone stands up.)
- Did you sleep well? - You're having breakfast?
- Goodness. - Did you sleep well?
How did you get here?
I brought something for you for breakfast.
- You didn't have to. - You didn't have to.
- Goodness. - You didn't have to.
(Goodness.)
- He brought laver and stuff. - Goodness.
I have nothing else to say but goodness.
- Goodness. - Sit down.
I heard you have nothing to eat.
(He wanted to feed them before they leave.)
- Goodness. - Goodness.
- Sit down. - I should go.
Why? Stay.
Did you have breakfast?
It's fine. Sit down. I'm going to leave.
Thank you.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
(He doesn't even look back,)
(so they wouldn't feel uncomfortable.)
- Goodness. - Gosh.
(He's so cool.)
He likes you so much.
I know.
- Take it out. Let's eat. - He came here in this weather.
(He brought breakfast for the master in this cold weather.)
- It's rice. - Rice?
- Warm rice. - Who wants rice?
It's warm.
(With just cooked rice...)
- He brought laver. - Laver.
He wrapped it in foil.
(Luxuriously wrapped laver)
- Enjoy. - Enjoy.
- Enjoy. - Good job.
It's great breakfast.
It's a buffet.
I can eat everything.
(Abundant breakfast buffet with salted crabs and garlic stalk)
It's delicious.
The level of freshness of kimchi isn't from the fridge.
- It's from the crock. - Yes.
It's homemade.
Kimchi is good with everything.
This is Korea's meal.
(While they enjoy Hongcheon meal with love,)
(snow is being removed outside.)
I heard Liu Bei, Guan Yu and Zhang Fei...
said snow must be removed.
- I think... - That's amazing.
(Three brothers' last surprise)
- Goodness. - Goodness.
(Instead of a flower bed, it's a well-polished sand road.)
The air is so fresh. Did you have a good sleep?
(They go on their way to Seoul.)
We slept well in such a warm place thanks to you.
By the way,
I'm glad you brought rice for them.
- Goodness. - With kimchi and rice.
- We slept well. - Seoul won't be that cold now.
Thank you.
I'll call you.
Thank you very much.
- Bye, Liu Bei. I'll call you. - Okay.
Thank you for coming here.
You're doing a good job even though you live alone.
- It was clean. - You don't need to worry.
- Don't worry. - Bye.
Let's leave without turning back.
- Yes. - Okay.
Bye. Bye, Guan Yu.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
(I missed you for a long time.)
- Bye. - Bye.
(We couldn't meet for a long time.)
(I was grateful...)
(that you were doing well.)
("Hello" by Na Tae Joo)
(They're drunk with alcohol...)
(and with romance.)
(Look at that.)
(The last training with students who enjoy...)
(arts and drinks begins.)
(Last romance in Myeong-dong)
I only saw the master...
on TV.
He's someone I can only meet on a book.
Choi Bool Am series...
- Oh, Choi Bool Am series. - It was famous.
Everyone knows.
I used to memorize it and use it.
(Empty jokes were a big hit in the early 90s.)
I was happy.
How did Choi Bool Am series...
begin at first?
(How did Choi Bool Am series start at first?)
If I were to tell you from the beginning,
there are even movies now.
We became democratic in 1987.
- Yes. - Yes.
All the students got up...
to change the world.
(Countless students and young people...)
(went out to the streets...)
(for freedom we enjoy now.)
Back then,
everyone was tensed.
There was no humor. One day, my friend said...
my stories are famous in schools.
I asked him what was going on.
He said it's a satire...
with you in it.
(Choi Bool Am series is a satire with him as a character.)
That's what he told me.
Was Choi Bool Am series influenced by...
democracy?
It was created by jokes of students.
(A small laughter in the dark)
The first joke was 63 Building.
- 63 Building is the first joke? - Yes.
Choi Bool Am series told by Choi Bool Am himself.
(The 1st episode of Choi Bool Am series)
I was playing a table tennis on rooftop of 63 Building.
- On 63 Building? - Yes. Then he hit...
the ball too hard...
that it flew outside the building.
Choi Bool Am said "Gosh",
then he walked down 63 building.
He picked up the ball...
and went up the building.
- By walking. - Okay.
What do you think he said as he walked in?
(What did Choi Bool Am say as he walked up?)
- What was it? - Wait.
(What is it?)
(What did he say?)
As he gasped,
he said, "It's 1 to 0."
"It's 1 to 0."
(Laughing)
There's one.
(People born in the 80s find it funny.)
But then...
(Seong Jae who was born in 1995 doesn't understand why it's funny.)
It's the old joke.
Why are you so quiet, Seong Jae?
(Actually...)
Actually...
I've never heard of Choi Bool Am series before.
- He's very young. - He doesn't know.
He turned 23 this year.
- I'm 24. - 24.
I lived almost four times more than you.
(Laughing)
Did you just laugh?
It's not green onion.
(Laughing)
(The master's signature laughter)
- It is... - I can't do it.
(Even the master's laughter...)
Right. I'm only making a sound of breath.
(Young men try to copy it.)
I don't make the sound.
(I think I know this.)
(While they're laughing,)
(they arrived in Myeong-dong.)
- It's crowded in Myeong-dong. - Myeong-dong.
How long has it been since you walked in Myeong-dong?
(They walk Myeong-dong streets with the romantic master.)
- I think it's my first time. - Me too. I think...
it's been almost 10 years since I walked Myeong-dong.
- 10 years? - It's been 10 years.
- Do you come here often? - I do.
- You should come here often. - Okay.
It's the base of cultural arts.
(Myeong-dong is the base of cultural arts?)
(Myeong-dong we didn't know)
What kind of alley is this?
I didn't even know there was an alley here.
You don't come here when you come to Myeong-dong.
- I didn't know about this alley. - I didn't know until now.
(Like a mirage...)
- It's so nice. - Are we going in here?
(It's the final destination today.)
Let's go in.
(When you pass the wooden stairs...)
What is this?
Each step...
has history, right?
Is this still open?
(The last romance the master prepared is...)
I didn't know there was a place like this.
I had no idea.
I feel like I'm on a time machine.
(It's where the master's romance began in the 1960s.)
(Eunseong in Myeong-dong was loved by cultural artists at the time.)
That's called Eunseong.
My mother loved him...
among foreign actors.
Your mother?
My mother. That's Eunseong here.
(Eunseong)
(Bar Eunseong in the 60s...)
(plus the master's mother. They're calculating.)
Did your mother build this?
That place.
Oh, that place.
Your mother built Eunseong?
Right.
- I see. - That's awesome.
(The members are surprised because...)
I didn't know.
(They stumbled upon a memorial stone on the street of Myeong-dong.)
(Former Site of Eunseong Tavern)
- You said you like Park In Hwan. - "Including Byeon Yeoung Ro,"
"Park In Hwan, Jeon Hye Rin, Lim Man Seob, and so on,"
"many artists and cultural figures gathered at this tavern."
"Lee Bong Gu used to be called Count Myeong-dong."
(Memories rush back.)
(In order to raise her son by herself as a single mother,)
(his mother ran the makgeolli tavern, Eunseong.)
(What did the master see here growing up?)
- From poets, - Right.
writers, and artists to directors and actors,
all artistically inclined people used to gather and hang out here.
They turned Myeong-dong into an artistic, cultural neighborhood.
- Really? - Yes.
It's a historic spot.
(It must've affected him a lot.)
- I think we... - He looks so familiar.
- Haven't we seen him in textbooks? - Yes, that's right.
(All renowned artists are here.)
This is Cheon Sang Byeong. He was ill.
He's known as the poorest poet.
He always wore a tie though.
(He always wore a tie.)
But his dress shirt... What is this called?
- Collars. - Yes, collars. It was...
so dirty. I saw it.
But he always made sure to wear a dress shirt with a tie.
- He tried to look presentable. - He really did.
- It shows how romantic he was. - Right.
- It's very old-fashioned. - Exactly.
She just wanted to support those who were pursuing creative paths.
She had no interest in making money.
When my mother passed away,
I found a crate.
- It was filled with unpaid tabs. - I see.
- That many people kept tabs? - Yes, practically everyone did.
People could do that even though everyone was poorer back then.
Everyone is better off these days financially,
but no business would do that for customers.
When I saw that, I thought that I'd become rich.
- Because people owed money. - Exactly, they had to pay.
But when I went through them,
I didn't recognize any name.
Glasses, Big Nose, Mr. Tall.
It was all nicknames. Only my mother knew who they were.
She did that on purpose to protect their privacy.
It's a famous story.
- So... - Nowadays, you'd be required...
to bring a copy of your social security card.
- Totally. - I'm sure of it.
(They couldn't give up on romance even though they were poor.)
(Just like the literary figures at Eunseong in the 60s,)
(let's immerse ourselves...)
(in a little bit of romance today.)
(Everyone is trying to come up with an idea for a poem.)
Master, I actually...
Yesterday,
when we met for the first time in the birch forest,
you recited a poem for us.
(He recited Park In Hwan's "As Time Passes" for them.)
(The poem in the master's heart)
("As Time Passes" by Park In Hwan)
"Love goes away,"
"but your past stays."
"I've forgotten her name,"
"but her eyes and lips are still vivid in my heart."
"They're still in this cold heart of mine."
(They're still in this cold heart of mine.)
After reciting the poem,
you told us that it was made into a song as well,
so I actually looked it up.
(You looked it up without telling us?)
- I see. - So...
- I prepared a little something. - My gosh, you did?
- Yes. - I'm so proud of you.
It won't be perfect, but I'd like to sing the song for you.
- Hey, when did you prepare it? - When did you have time for that?
He probably practiced underneath his blanket.
- I'll keep it short. - Okay, let's hear it.
(The sentimentalist, Seong Jae,)
(sings his 2018 version of "As Time Passes".)
(He gets into the mood.)
(Love goes away)
(But your past stays)
(Seong Jae's sweet voice fills up the whole place.)
I wouldn't make people look at me like that. I'd do this instead.
(What did I do wrong?)
You'd drink with your head dropped like this.
(We can tell he studied directing.)
He would've sung like that, don't you think?
- All alone in his lonely world. - Yes, you're right.
Oh, how about we have Seong Jae try singing like that this time?
- He should sing quietly. - I'm not trying to tease him.
- We'll see how you pull this off. - Okay.
- All right. - Sing with your head dropped.
- Put that away. - I'll clean the table.
Good. Drop your head now.
- More. - You look so cool now.
- No, he should just... - You look really cool now.
Just look at the ceiling.
No, not like that. You're trying too hard to show your face.
You should shed some tears, don't you think?
(You should shed some tears, don't you think?)
He has to cry too?
- Right now, he's... - Get into the mood.
- If this was a part of a movie, - Right.
he should be crying now as it'd be the final scene.
(He's now a poor poet in Myeong-dong.)
If Seong Jae is not comfortable with crying,
how about we move on to the next scene with you crying?
We'll cut this scene...
- and show Sang Yun shedding tears. - Yes, good idea.
(Sponsored by One Drop of Tears)
But if you're that sentimental, I'd be like, "What's going on?"
(The master walks up to Seong Jae right at that moment.)
I'll be the director now. Rest your face on your arm.
(How will he direct it?)
- Okay. - With your face down.
Tilt your head a little so that your face can show. All right.
(Park In Hwan is drunk and passed out.)
- Your hair too. - Master, are you grabbing his hair?
(It's a little sacrifice Seong Jae has to make.)
- Are you pulling his hair out? - No, just like this.
His hair... He grabbed his hair.
(It looks like he's been drinking for the last few days.)
Should my eyes look a little drunk?
Yes, they should. That's it. Great.
By now, he's probably regretting singing that song.
Hush.
(Attention, everyone!)
(In 1956, the 30-year-old poet, Park In Hwan,)
(wrote this poem a week before he died.)
That looks good. Even your lungs hurt now.
("As Time Passes")
(Love goes away)
(But your past stays)
(The lake on summer days)
(The park in autumn)
(On that bench)
(Leaves fall and pile up)
(Covered in the leaves)
(Even if our love)
(Even if it disappears)
(In this cold)
(Heart of mine)
(You'll always stay)
(Everyone feels like...)
(they just saw the poet, Park In Hwan, on that day in 1956.)
You did such a great job.
(You did such a great job.)
You're really... You're actually about to cry.
Gosh, but I must say...
It made me feel... Later on,
in about 10 or 20 years from now when I'm around his age,
I'd like to meet you and sing this song for you once again.
(I'd like to sing this song for you again when I'm around his age.)
I wonder what it'll feel like then.
- Right. - It'll feel very different.
(The master in Myeong-dong that day)
(What will it feel like that day?)
I think this is our final destination.
Even without me, the four of you should take some time...
to commemorate our art and culture together.
- Okay. - Good.
(I hope you always try to keep some romance in your heart.)
(What's the lesson they learned from the master?)
The final destination...
- and parting. Then comes... - I'm Cao Cao.
the deep longing.
(After the day with Master Choi, Lee Sang Yun)
Everything was about longing,
even the reunion with his friends. They had longed to see each other.
The fact that they may or may not be able to see each other again...
really broke my heart to be honest.
That must make them miss each other even more.
(It broke his heart.)
I think Sang Yun will cry.
No, I won't cry.
- You're about to cry. - No, not at all.
- You're tearing up. - I'm... I'm just cold now.
That's why I'm tearing up.
What I learned is... To tell you the truth,
when he said that everyone should keep a poem in their heart,
I thought it was very important.
But it's actually meaningless if...
you have no friends to share it with.
Without friends that listen to you,
even that poem becomes useless.
So, what I learned is that friends with whom you can share the poem...
are more valuable than any treasures you can have.
(Everyone should have friends with whom they can share poems.)
(Finally)
(A female master is coming.)
(Even just her voice makes...)
(their heart skip because she's their ideal type.)
(The guy who falls in love easily says that he feels weird.)
(Could this be love?)
(The bold guys' abduction operation)
(It began out of their ardent love.)
(Operation Name: Abduct the Master)
(Don't we have to wear things like this?)
(Acting swiftly is key when you abduct someone.)
(No one can find out.)
(We're pretty fierce.)
(But they shouldn't underestimate the master.)
(The master even scolds abductors.)
(Who is she?)
When will I be able to kiss someone again?
Look at you, Seung Gi. You're all grown up now.
(All the Butlers, Yoon Yeo Jeong Abduction Case)